# watched-series-tracker

**NO LONGER IN DEVELOPMENT**  

watched-series-tracker is a command line interface program written in Java that allows you to track the series you've watched and the dates that you watched them.  


## Features
* Remembers all the dates of when you started and finished watching a series for any number of series, whereas the built-in history in streaming services usually only saves the most recent time that you watched something
* Quickly create/start/update an entry in the watchlog by using the option of automatically using the current date
* View a table showing the full history of when and what you have watched
* View a table showing all the unique series you have watched
* Saves information about series and episodes, fetched from [TVMaze's](https://www.tvmaze.com/) API.  


## Building

### Build Environment Requirements
This project uses the Gradle Build Tool. A JDK (Java Development Kit) is required to build/run from gradle.

### How To Build
Use the provided Gradle wrapper "gradlew" to build and test this project.

This is done by using the following command on Unix/macOS:

    $ ./gradlew <task>
    
or the following command on Windows:

    $ gradlew <task>

replacing \<task\> with the desired action. "build" will build and test the project, and "run" will build then run the project. "clean" will delete the files generated by "build".

Examples:  
Unix/macOS:  

    $ ./gradlew build

Windows:

    $ gradlew build

When building for the first time, gradle will download and setup the dependencies automatically.  


## Usage
To run the program, you can either run using Gradle Build Tool, or run the generated fat JAR file. Running the generated JAR file will be smoother and the CLI will not be interrupted by Gradle's progress bar.

To run with Gradle (Unix/macOS):

    $ ./gradlew run

To run generated fat JAR file (Unix/macOS):

    $ ./gradlew installDist  
    $ java -jar build/install/watched-series-tracker/lib/watched-series-tracker.jar  

Replace './gradlew' with 'gradlew' in the commands above for Windows systems.

The program has a simple CLI interface with menu options selectable by numerical indexes.  

The starting interface looks like this:  

    Starting...

    Options:
    1) View Watchlog
    2) Update entry in Watchlog
    3) Add entry to Watchlog
    4) Remove entry in Watchlog
    5) Exit

    Enter a number [1-5] to select one of the options above:


## Roadmap
This project is no longer in development. It is in a working state, but not all features are implemented. There is no intention of continuing development, so this is most likely also the final state of this project.  


## Disclaimer
Refer to wiki for more about the database design and implementation details.  

*mainly a project for learning/practising, with no intention for it to be used  
